README.md, before:

# GoNepal - Discover the Land of the Himalayas 🇳🇵

[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)](https://supabase.io/)

**Made by Team Valley**

GoNepal is a high-performance, premium travel companion platform built to revolutionize how global tourists experience Nepal. By blending real-time geolocation services with a groundbreaking **Site-Wide Auto-Translation Engine**, GoNepal breaks down cultural and language barriers, ensuring a safe, immersive, and guided journey through the heart of the Himalayas.

---

## 🌟 Hero Feature: Site-Wide Auto-Translation Engine

GoNepal features a first-of-its-kind **Dynamic Translation Layer** that allows the entire application to be consumed in 22+ languages instantly.

- **Anywhere, Any Language**: With a single click, the entire DOM—from the Hero headers to your flight booking details—is transformed into your native tongue (e.g., Nepali, Italian, Japanese, Hindi).
- **MutationObserver Technology**: Our implementation uses a high-performance `MutationObserver` to watch for DOM changes, ensuring that even dynamically loaded content (like search results or chat messages) is translated in real-time.
- **Intelligent Caching**: To ensure a "buttery-smooth" experience, we've implemented a robust caching layer for translated strings, reducing API latency and preventing redundant network requests.
- **Brand Preservation**: Our engine is smart enough to preserve brand-critical text like "GoNepal" while translating the context around it.

---

## 📍 Core Capabilities

### 🗺️ Live Exploration & "Take Me Back" Safe-Guard
Designed specifically for the wandering traveler, our map integration is your digital breadcrumb trail.
- **Nearby Essentials Discovery**: Queries the Overpass API in real-time to find Hospitals, Hotels, Restaurants, Parks, and Malls within a customized 3km radius.
- **Home Base Persistence**: Users can "Set Home" at their hotel or base camp. This coordinate is saved to persistent local storage, surviving session wipes and refreshes.
- **Panic UI & Distance Alert**: A visual warning system that triggers when a user wanders >3km from their home base.
- **Native Navigation**: Deep-links directly to Google Maps or Apple Maps for precise, turn-by-turn walking directions back to safety.

### 🏔️ Curated Destination Discovery
- **Peak Experiences**: Real-time information on Everest Base Camp, Annapurna Circuit, and cultural hubs like Pokhara/Lumbini.
- **Seasonal Intelligence**: Dynamic content that changes based on the best time to visit specific regions.

### 🛠️ Strategic Travel Utilities
- **Travel Phrasebook**: A localized, high-speed phrasebook for quick communication.
- **Currency Converter**: Dynamic rate conversion for real-time budgeting in NPR and global currencies.
- **Intelligent Chatbot**: A contextual assistant ready to handle travel-specific queries.

---

## 🏗️ Technical Architecture

### Frontend Architecture
- **State Management**: React Context API for Global Language and Auth states.
- **Styling**: A bespoke design system built on **shadcn/ui** and **Tailwind CSS**, featuring glassmorphism and motion-based navigation via **Framer Motion**.
- **Real-time Maps**: **Leaflet.js** integrated with OpenStreetMap tiles for lightweight, fast mapping without the overhead of heavy commercial SDKs.

### Directory Structure Highlights
- `/src/contexts`: Contains the `LanguageContext` and `AuthContext` for global application state.
- `/src/components/AutoTranslator.tsx`: The core logic for the DOM-observation translation engine.
- `/src/lib/translationService.ts`: Centralized logic for interacting with translation APIs and local caches.

---

## 🛠️ Local Development

Get the project running on your machine in under 2 minutes:

1. **Clone & Navigate**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nishantXnova/Main-hackathon.git
   cd Main-hackathon
   ```

2. **Dependency Installation**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Runtime**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
   *Vite will automatically allocate a port (usually http://localhost:5173).*

---

## 🌐 Enterprise-Grade Deployment

The platform is continuously integrated and deployed via **Vercel**. 
- **CI/CD**: Every push to `main` undergoes a production build verification.
- **Performance**: Edge-cached assets and optimized tree-shaking for minimal JS bundle sizes.

---
*Developed with Passion & Pride by Team Valley for the Nepal Tourism Hackathon.*

Commit message:

feat: Add weather forecast and brand name protection

README.md, after:

# GoNepal - Discover the Land of the Himalayas 🇳🇵

[![Vite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vite-B73BFE?style=for-the-badge&logo=vite&logoColor=FFD62E)](https://vitejs.dev/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)](https://supabase.io/)

**Made by Team Valley**

GoNepal is a high-performance, premium travel companion platform built to revolutionize how global tourists experience Nepal. By blending real-time geolocation services with a groundbreaking **Site-Wide Auto-Translation Engine**, GoNepal breaks down cultural and language barriers, ensuring a safe, immersive, and guided journey through the heart of the Himalayas.

---

## 🌟 Hero Feature: Site-Wide Auto-Translation Engine

GoNepal features a first-of-its-kind **Dynamic Translation Layer** that allows the entire application to be consumed in 22+ languages instantly.

- **Anywhere, Any Language**: With a single click, the entire DOM—from the Hero headers to your flight booking details—is transformed into your native tongue (e.g., Nepali, Italian, Japanese, Hindi).
- **MutationObserver Technology**: Our implementation uses a high-performance `MutationObserver` to watch for DOM changes, ensuring that even dynamically loaded content (like search results or chat messages) is translated in real-time.
- **Intelligent Caching**: To ensure a "buttery-smooth" experience, we've implemented a robust caching layer for translated strings, reducing API latency and preventing redundant network requests.
- **Brand Preservation**: Our engine employs robust regex-based protection to ensure "GoNepal" and its variations remain untranslated, maintaining brand identity across all languages.

---

## 📍 Core Capabilities

### 🗺️ Live Exploration & "Take Me Back" Safe-Guard
Designed specifically for the wandering traveler, our map integration is your digital breadcrumb trail.
- **Nearby Essentials Discovery**: Queries the Overpass API in real-time to find Hospitals, Hotels, Restaurants, Parks, and Malls within a customized 3km radius.
- **Home Base Persistence**: Users can "Set Home" at their hotel or base camp. This coordinate is saved to persistent local storage, surviving session wipes and refreshes.
- **Panic UI & Distance Alert**: A visual warning system that triggers when a user wanders >3km from their home base.
- **Native Navigation**: Deep-links directly to Google Maps or Apple Maps for precise, turn-by-turn walking directions back to safety.

### 🏔️ Curated Destination Discovery
- **Peak Experiences**: Real-time information on Everest Base Camp, Annapurna Circuit, and cultural hubs like Pokhara/Lumbini.
- **Seasonal Intelligence**: Dynamic content that changes based on the best time to visit specific regions.

### 🛠️ Strategic Travel Utilities
- **Travel Phrasebook**: A localized, high-speed phrasebook for quick communication.
- **Currency Converter**: Dynamic rate conversion for real-time budgeting in NPR and global currencies.
- **Intelligent Chatbot**: A contextual assistant ready to handle travel-specific queries.

### ☀️ Live Weather & AI Travel Advisor
- **Real-Time Forecasts**: Integrates with Open-Meteo to provide accurate, keyless weather data for the user's exact location.
- **Contextual AI Recommendations**: A smart logic engine that suggests activities based on the current weather (e.g., "Perfect for trekking" vs "Great for museum visits").
- **Premium UI**: A glassmorphism-based design that blends seamlessly with the application's aesthetic.

---

## 🏗️ Technical Architecture

### Frontend Architecture
- **State Management**: React Context API for Global Language and Auth states.
- **Styling**: A bespoke design system built on **shadcn/ui** and **Tailwind CSS**, featuring glassmorphism and motion-based navigation via **Framer Motion**.
- **Real-time Maps**: **Leaflet.js** integrated with OpenStreetMap tiles for lightweight, fast mapping without the overhead of heavy commercial SDKs.

### Directory Structure Highlights
- `/src/contexts`: Contains the `LanguageContext` and `AuthContext` for global application state.
- `/src/components/AutoTranslator.tsx`: The core logic for the DOM-observation translation engine.
- `/src/lib/translationService.ts`: Centralized logic for interacting with translation APIs and local caches.

---

## 🛠️ Local Development

Get the project running on your machine in under 2 minutes:

1. **Clone & Navigate**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/nishantXnova/Main-hackathon.git
   cd Main-hackathon
   ```

2. **Dependency Installation**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Runtime**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
   *Vite will automatically allocate a port (usually http://localhost:5173).*

---

## 🌐 Enterprise-Grade Deployment

The platform is continuously integrated and deployed via **Vercel**. 
- **CI/CD**: Every push to `main` undergoes a production build verification.
- **Performance**: Edge-cached assets and optimized tree-shaking for minimal JS bundle sizes.

---
*Developed with Passion & Pride by Team Valley for the Nepal Tourism Hackathon.*
